[No QA] Document when Onyx.connectWithoutView is acceptable (#95207)
Expensify/App: contributingGuides/philosophies/ONYX-DATA-MANAGEMENT.md

- Add the key to the `evictableKeys` option in `Onyx.init(options)`
- A least recently accessed key will only be deleted when an Onyx operation retries after failing.

## Reading Onyx data: `useOnyx` vs `Onyx.connectWithoutView`
There are three ways to read Onyx data, listed in order of preference. Always reach for the earliest one that fits.

> 1. **A pure function** that receives the data it needs as parameters — no Onyx connection at all.

Reviewer: I am not sure if this is correct way of framing. The pure function is not really reading onyx data. For us we only have 2 accepted options (since onyx.connect is depreacted), which you list after the pure function

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I agree. The correct framing is that we only have two methods of reading Onyx data.

2. **`useOnyx`** (from `@hooks/useOnyx`) — the default for anything a React component renders.
3. **`Onyx.connectWithoutView`** — an imperative subscription for non-render logic, used only when the two options above genuinely do not fit.

### - Pure functions take precedence over any Onyx connection

> Before adding any Onyx subscription, check whether the code can be a pure function that takes the data it needs as parameters. A pure function needs no connection, is trivial to test, and cannot cause extra rerenders. Prefer this even when it means passing more arguments. This rule takes precedence over everything below.

Reviewer: I don't think I understand how exactly this fits for the onyx connection topic. To me, it feels like pure function is a different concept on the same level as Onyx connection. I think we should remove it from here.

Reviewer 2: I agree

### - Components MUST read Onyx with `useOnyx`, never `Onyx.connectWithoutView`
Any value used during render belongs in `useOnyx` so the UI updates when the value changes.

### - `Onyx.connectWithoutView` is ONLY for data that is never used during render

> It is appropriate for module-level state in actions/libraries that is read by non-render logic (e.g. event handlers or the `openApp`/`reconnectApp` flows), where `useOnyx` would add rerenders without affecting any View. See `src/libs/actions/App.ts` for examples — each connection there has a comment explaining why render never depends on the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is appropriate for module-level state in actions/libraries that is read by non-React logic (e.g. network layer, pusher subscriptions, test files, etc.), where `useOnyx` is not possible. 
```
Most of the examples in App.ts look to be incorrect to me. Even things are "event handlers", we should always prefer pure functions.

> ### - Existing `Onyx.connectWithoutView` usage is NOT a template to copy

Reviewer: I think we should also leave a comment that every new Connect Without View usage should have a clear comment explaining why it had to be added.

Reviewer 2: Agree

> Do not add a new `Onyx.connectWithoutView` just because nearby code uses it. Justify each new use on its own against the rule above; when in doubt, use a pure function or `useOnyx`.

Reviewer: I would omit the pure function mention here.

### - Using `Onyx.connectWithoutView` in a component for performance REQUIRES @frontend-performance approval

> In rare cases a component that subscribes to multiple large collections through `useOnyx` suffers a significant performance regression. Reaching for `Onyx.connectWithoutView` to avoid that is an explicit exception, not a self-serve option: it MUST be approved by the `@frontend-performance` team on Slack, and the PR description MUST link to that discussion.

Reviewer 2: Love this
